This is a head-gum original.
Camera is the violin ring.
Well, I thought it was time. Sorry, I'm here.
Can you knock me on your phone?
Can you close the settings window?
So we can see Maria and Ricky's.
Why is the camera kind of like a C-P-A-Tone image of the studio?
I can answer that.
What?
Jeff.
Answer.
That's what happens when you go with charcoal.
I'm sorry to say that.
That's what happens when you go with coal.
Which has a kind of warm tone, by the way.
I'll drink to that coal.
I think that was pretty cool.
One person wanted coal and by the internet, by the way.
I think they were interested in Cheyenne Green.
Empty cup.
Because you guys don't fill mine.
Where is there a blue bottle?
Los filis.
Yeah.
We're back at it again.
I'm hungover.
I got to say.
Well, mostly it's like two o'clock.
Well, I have like brain fog.
I have like vision loss.
Her peripheral field is not doing the right.
I didn't have any alcohol, but I just feel hungover.
I just dehydrated.
I think I'm still, you don't drink enough water.
You got to hit with the acid.
Yeah.
I'm calling it a hangover second dress like this.
And where the sunglasses are.
So the tides can change.
She didn't let me finish.
So that they can become swift.
And the sunglasses and doors.
Is that a concussive thing?
Or is that just you trying out a new style?
I have like hangsiety about the concussion.
What's hangsiety?
Hangover anxiety.
It's like, oh my god.
What did I do?
What did I say to everybody last night?
You know what I mean?
What is really like this?
Yeah.
Concussive syndrome lasts.
It's like everything that could be see thing.
Like now you're post concussion.
This is it.
It's kind of like that's it for me for maybe up to a year.
Oh, it's like long COVID.
They sort of are like a cool party.
It's like till question mark question mark.
Exactly right.
So like you don't know where the party is going to end.
But in this case, the party is that I just can't really drive.
Yeah.
And the worst thing about being sexy style.
It doesn't end instantly.
So you don't get to be like.
Ah.
Exactly.
Refresh.
Yeah.
Wait a second.
I guess I'm better.
I don't know.
I wouldn't add it.
And I said to the ceiling.
Give me a tight fade.
Basically I wonder with three months.
Hmm.
I don't know Jeff.
I don't know if you can see us on the screen.
But.
Great.
So see on that.
Yeah.
I need like a monitor right there.
Sorry.
You have you are looking at.
Four monitors right now.
This is like the worst thing for my concussion.
By the way.
Your surroundings look at screens.
Yeah.
Two people in front and two people in back.
Four five six seven.
Without.
If you count the little one on that zoom.
Hmm.
Nine.
And when I said nine, I count.
I cut to a black screen.
Yeah.
You done.
And it was great for us.
And it was grace for us.
She is beauty.
She is grace.
Harper.
Uh.
How the hell are you?
How the hell.
How the hard.
Okay.
How do you feel?
Me?
Who?
Grace.
Right.
I feel fine.
Thank you.
You.
How is the editing work flow been with my concussive state?
No difference.
The same.
Yeah.
So before.
I kind of feel like worse.
Right.
Yeah.
Well, there wasn't incident where he said, can you do the video?
And I said, yeah, of course.
Some of the files.
And then he didn't send me anything for a week.
And then he did send me everything.
After it.
The podcast was orange.
He meant to have gone live.
Full edit.
You left out the big covers that I fully edited it.
So I didn't inconvenience you and you didn't get extra money.
Swat did you send all the footage to grace?
Because basically what happened was I was like, Oh, I'll just have Grace do it.
Because I feel like garbage.
And in the next week, I was like, I feel fine enough to edit.
And at this point.
And we.
I should say that we.
I wasn't done.
Got rid of his posting permissions because he never followed instructions.
So that grace does a great job at actually uploading the episodes.
That's what I was going to say.
Don't you worry.
Yeah.
God.
God doesn't incredible job of loading.
Yeah.
But the thing is like to to get all the templates, files, to get all the things to be like,
This is, you know, what you need to edit the video.
It's probably would have been harder on my head.
Harper on your head.
I see you.
It's so easy for every other podcast to do that.
Right.
What makes it hard.
Every other podcast doesn't have a concussion.
What was the experience of times?
I know their lives.
I know everything about Mike Mitchell is up to.
Mike Mitchell isn't falling down.
He's staying put a lot.
That's cool.
Yeah.
Every boring conversation.
A little bit.
That's fair.
Well, let's get into some shit then.
Oh, that's fun.
All right.
Thank you.
Is that the only.
Go on.
Is that the only camera on you?
Because it's almost too dark to use.
I'm going to have to overexpose the garbage out of it.
Yeah.
I don't feel like very rainy.
Well, that's hard.
You know, because the studio is outfitted with cameras that if you're going to zoom into
a certain point, you can only go down to 4.5.
What was wrong with the GoPro?
Everybody was complaining about the GoPro.
Nothing wrong with the GoPro.
Jeff just doesn't know how to use it.
See, this is the only show that records in the studio where I try and like be hands off
with the video stuff.
That was Jeff kind of direct the ship.
And he does stuff like take one of the cameras that is calibrated.
To be shot in the studio lighting turn it completely around.
Yeah.
Aim it outside of the studio lighting and wonder why the colors are off and why it looks dark.
But that's the vision he has for the show.
The colors are always off.
These ones are calibrated for the normal studio.
And Marie, because it looks seepia tone.
I think it's a color.
Your camera looks seepia tone because it's pointed at you because it's not color corrected
for the lighting that you're in.
I'm going to send a screenshot of you.
Yeah.
Are you?
No.
Sugar a liar?
Well, I think I speak truth to powers what I do.
And I think you guys are just uncomfortable because you're realizing you're in the position of power.
You're not able to punch up anymore.
Yeah.
It's hard to be hung over on it Tuesday because that means you went out on so hard on a Monday night.
Yeah, what did you do?
That's rare.
Last night I didn't.
I'm not hung over.
I just am trying to like seem cooler because it's not cool to be like I'm still dealing with a concussion.
Yeah.
What did you do last night?
Just at a curiosity.
Last night.
I ordered Chinese food from where?
From Broadway, cuisine.
Interesting.
Chinatown.
And I watched a salt burn.
Oh.
What do you think?
Nice.
And were you slurping on egg drop soup when he started slurping on the inside of a post-gismed bathtub?
I had a mopu.
A mopu?
Tofu?
Yeah.
And it was just.
Time to up as a 4D experience.
It was 40 XXX.
I don't know.
I'm pretty good in the lab.
Harder.
You can't even see me.
Yes.
I thought it was okay.
It was overhyped, I think, before you got to you and then you were expecting a lot.
I think that's what it mostly was.
But I'm like.
How do you expect more disgusting things than you actually saw?
Was that a problem?
I think it was shot beautifully.
The cast was incredible.
And then the story wasn't there there.
It was just kind of like so.
So ultimately he just was a psychopath who wanted to get around.
Yeah.
That's not as interesting.
But that's fine.
What I wanted it to be.
I got into a whole debate about what it should have been.
I think it would have been more interesting.
It kind of ended soon after Jacob authorities.
Well, it's okay.
Spoiler alert.
If you haven't seen salt part at this point, you know.
That's on yours than me.
Yeah.
Because I've seen it.
Is that.
Yeah.
There's that scene where they're at the breakfast.
You guys have seen it?
Yeah.
I've seen it.
The breakfast table where they're closing the red curtains.
That should be closer to the end of the movie.
And it should be this thing where it's a comment on like British culture where it's like
they just need everything to be okay.
And so they're going to like dilute themselves into thinking it's fine.
And then when the Farley's like, why the fuck is he still here?
And then Farley gets booted because of the cocaine.
It's like he should have like replaced Jacob awarding the family.
And then he should have just accepted him.
And then it's like, oh my god.
Like they after all that, they just basically like took this other kid in and
are moving on like nothing happened.
Like repressing their emotional side.
That's more interesting to me than just a psychopath got in a state.
Yeah.
Also like one by one.
I'm trying to throw psychopath getting in a state.
Did you really thought it was just kind of a story?
Like yeah, I figured that was happening.
It was just all flashbacks, which I feel like is lazy writing.
Hmm.
It was funny that one of the flashbacks was like he was typing gibberish at the cafe.
Yeah.
We figured that.
That's much.
I wasn't actually like when I thought that.
Yeah.
Anyway.
So it didn't seem like a big like, oh my god twist.
It's like, oh, that was the leading theory.
My friend DJ was like, I feel like that was a note handed down from Amazon.
Your friend DJ, your friend who's a DJ.
Both.
Amazing.
They're like, like you're in a mirror.
You're in a mirror.
Yeah.
You're one of many.
But you're also your name as a mirror.
That's cool.
I'd love to hear more.
We're going to do Bono.
Yeah.
Gracie.
There's a Gracie in an America.
That's pretty good.
Thank you.
Um, I thought Solper was one of the worst movies I saw.
It's not music.
Great.
Oh, I'm never super.
It's not bad.
I mean.
Great.
Directed.
Yeah.
I am a world fannel.
Uh, look.
I thought Solper was a dog.
This is all.
Your right.
That was the song.
What's that?
Jesus Christ.
I thought it was fine.
But when people started being mean online,
I said, all the fun, this movie.
You know, I thought I feel like everybody was like that was like a incredible movie.
It's best movie I've ever seen.
No.
Yeah, I keep seeing a lot of that and I'm like I was in a lot of that. Oh, I've seen online is that people think it's a master piece
And I'm like, it's good. I've never seen that take posted on any online for a lot of people being like
Oh, I can't watch this with my parents are like, oh wow like I don't know just the audience reactions when I saw it
We're so extreme and I was like, you guys need you got it. I would say we'll let's grow test. Then people
Yeah, people yeah, people scandalized by that point. We need to watch more movies and
Right. Yeah, I was in the bathroom or in his movies the bath the thing was grosser than everything I'd seen in the movie
I was so excited for the bathtub thing because I wanted it to happen. I like I couldn't do it
What happened? It was it was it was not even like
Like it was a setup the whole movie kind of felt like it was trying to be call me by your name exactly and and it all kind of
felt like a tear below what was happening and call me by your name. You know what I like the peach stuff
I was like whoa yeah, and then the bath tub stuff. I'm like come on do something else
I just think he was I think it's a movie about a psycho path. I think it's more so let's call me by your name
Army hammer
Sorry you really worked up the courage to do that to do what like I'm gonna sorry
Okay, here's here's the replay for the viewers and I was asked in the comments
But like it really looked and felt like you like worked your way into being like yeah
I've ever heard of him. Well, he said I'm here. I said ever. Yeah, and when Casey said it had felt natural
I felt great and just I don't I want to be very clearly when Casey said that that was amazing
Yeah, I was just sort of like yes ending that I feel like you were gonna say that no matter what had happened
Said no way no way
It would have said ever heard of him regardless of what was said
I just feel like it's from the moment you walk through the studio
You were like, oh, it's freezing. Let me wear your jeans and then you're like
From that one you're like I already did say that to me
I asked him to switch pants with me. It's very frigid in the studio, but warm outside
Yeah, but from that moment when I feel like you were like I have a couple of lines that I'm gonna say no way
Yeah, not like that all right ever heard of him
You thought I was trying to say show on the show
You
James Bond Street
Wanna go shopping for some spiced up?
What fucking it's for this one was for great sucked dude. I wasn't good. It wasn't good, but you know what yeah, I bought in the week a Sam Rockwell
Okay, wait James Bond Street a person Bond Street is like an area of London where there's a bunch of expect it's like rodeo drive
Okay, go on the first grace. Can you confirm that it's like rodeo drive?
I've been in a vintage rodeo drive, but I can't confirm it's on the monopoli blusher
We'll drive so it's kind of worse streets in LA. I had dinner on rodeo the other like a couple months ago
I was kind of fun. That doesn't matter mr. Chad see when you invite so many people in the studio and you leave
All of the zoom people behind your so you can't see them
You can only hear them. We're not gonna pay attention to them and you're not gonna talk to them. Is it delay?
There's a delay. There's not a delay. There's not really a delay, but also it's all on here
I will say anytime I'm here and Jeff is about to record the show
He goes do you want to be on this because I think he doesn't want to be sitting in a room alone with a mirror
Yeah, oh, that's interesting now. I can see you guys all right
Well, how would it work if I wasn't here? It was just Jeff facing out the same direction better zoom facing out
Would you would you be looking at the TV? I just got them on my laptop. I think this is working fine
Sounds like it
Got him
Ever heard of them
Nice. Thank you going off of what a Marieka said it with Sam Rockwell being born a week my bond of the week is our guy
Yeah
Or the guy in the movie our guy all himself
Do you know
We said I don't know
Yeah, me neither
I know that was dual today
It is truly
I didn't really I wouldn't say it's I wouldn't say it's full comedy, but
Action comedy adventure. Sure. Yeah, do you guys think if I was like
At the same party is do a I could absolutely not no cuz doesn't matter what your real day after I could no
I know the case sort of like yeah, but I mean I think I could like charm her use your best line. What what would you say?
Miss Leapah
I think I would be like how about we make it a trio we put meaning
Let me eat your goddamn ass
Sorry, I got really nervous. I don't look at what I've actually
No, I think you would get really nervous and that is what you would do
That's how you would do awesome be like yeah
This party sucks. What if we went down like what if we could just go into a fucking diner?
You know like when was last time you went to a diner? I bet you can't get away with it. I can't hear you
I got to go somewhere else. No, when I was saying was if you seen with me people will think you're not
Do talking to me. They'll be like oh
She never be with the guy like that. That's actually a really good do I am pressure. Thank you
It's actually a really good way to talk to do a
Imagine do was do a
I wouldn't mind midwifeing Leapah
On a leap year
This is a leap year actually what about Mecky do a leaper meaning the guy who wrote jury duty
Mecky leaper. I don't know who that is jury duty the polyshore movie from 1995
The newer series
The free boat who boat what is it? What was it for you to be free vote TV free V free race?
Any updates on wall saw
Oh no, no, same same I did break my wrist for like six of these episodes and
Business carried on as usual. Wow, you broke your wrist
That's so funny. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my god. What does it look like now?
Fine normal cast no cast. Wow. How does this last snowboard in oh my god
It's cool
Me too. I fell is my first broken bone. Where do you snowboard?
Uh, about half an hour from my house. There's an indoor snowdimes about 20 me as well
Inborders no dome at least smokes
Nice. It's near how's that clock? I weird that was really good. Sorry. I just want to get that in there
What did I say
Didn't she you said holy slopes
Should have
But then Jeff asked me about my penis and so I sort of browned out yeah recording stuff
I'm here. I wanted to talk to you about your house. Yeah. I feel like
If anyone here and I'm not encouraging anyone who is watching this but anyone who wanted to could find your address
Not true. It could find points of entry. Nope. On
Yeah, yeah
You're a street view apple street view for that better apple maps
And so I wonder if yeah, yeah, maybe
And again, I really have not encouraged anything to happen. It seems like you are a little bit just by implicitly talking about it
You don't really it's not like you live on a gated street. You know you live on actually your house we should say
And my fear for you is that you don't have enough. No, this is good. No, no
Let's take it from you ask me about my dick again
I have heard the notes. I'm tired of people saying that I'm toned up to the show and
I've stopped
I
Don't sing your address. I've stopped sending you gifts. Yes, great. So, you know, but don't try to help me withdraw us. I don't want any of this in there
I'm just saying and you have anything let me get to my you know
I'm I'm gonna let you finish okay, but you have one of the least
Private homies in Los Angeles very private nobody knows where I live except for you. I'm wondering if you plant
Privacy hedges
Oh, yeah, then what
That's sort of the pitch. Yeah, basically like you've been to like billair. Yeah
I wonder if you're the fresh prince of
You know
Unusable you feel like the salt part is unusable
I also salt burns a horrible name for in a state that just sounds like you're rubbing salt in a wound
I think maybe that's the point. Yeah
Yeah, like they stayed itself as cursed or personally yeah
Beautiful though
And you know why? Why? Because they don't use colors like charcoal
These cool up these cool
Sam and
These giant
I think you're just hungry
I want a fucking bagel and locks with a die at sea
My hair position is geo
We need to take a break here when we already
Basically had to cut out video guys one of my proudest relationships in my life is the one with a mirror my working relationship with a mirror because
From where it started to where it is now
Was an easy right and and it's that's a common misconception about relationships is that they have to be easy to be quote-unquote right
But sometimes the best ones happen when both people put in the work
To make them great and therapy can be a place to work through the challenges you face in all of your relationships
Whether with friends work your significant other or anyone
I'm in therapy every week
I find it to be quite helpful. It's just nice to have a little hour every week to talk about what ales you
Oftentimes it is my relationship at work with a mirror if you're thinking of starting therapy
Start with better help. It's entirely online designed to be convenient flexible and suited to your schedule
Just fill out a brief questionnaire to get matched with a licensed therapist in switch therapist at any time for no additional charge
Become your own soulmate whether you're looking for one or not
Visit better help.com slash what's that today to get 10% off your first month again. That's better help
HELP dot com slash what's that? Thanks better help
Did anybody do with their bond of the week? It was like a sack the only thing that's happened so far
But I think like
Marica Sam Marqua. I said our guy and then we just moved on entirely. Do you want to say one you could have had any more
Really couldn't have on the thing
Because the zoom cut out you came back. You started talking about salt burn again, and then we went to commercial
That's true
That's a name of the fucking game quote Matt we played this before we'll play it again
Right match
Let's fucking get this shit out. All right
This I'm gonna read a quote and you're gonna attribute it to a celebrity all right
Can you just list all of the celebrities by name because I can't but can you see the scream?
We got Laura Dern correct. Yeah. We got Chuck Laurie correct. We got Sigourney Weaver
Absolutely correct. We got Laker coach Dervin. Dervin Ham. Yeah, Dervin Ham. We have Dwayne the Rock Johnson obviously
Travis Kelsey absolutely
Lastly
John Bungi and I actually done another Orlando Bloom
That's Orlando Bloom behind a mirrored Orlando Bloom. I don't like the positioning because it makes me feel like I'm referring to a mirror
Somebody like Orlando Bloom
Wow
What's that in it?
Yeah
I think we have and we will
Nothing commercial
So what are we gonna like guess which of these people said I was kidding
The noise
Dig it for me guys taking care of your health is not always easy, but it should be simple
That's why for the last two and a half almost three years now to the day
I've been drinking AG1 every day no exceptions just one scoop mixed in water once a day every day
And it makes me feel energized focused and like I'm ready to take on the day and that's because each serving of
AG1 delivers my daily dose of vitamins minerals pre and probiotics and more
It's a powerful healthy habit that's also powerfully simple
Now, how do you know that AG1 is a high quality product? Well, I know that it's giving my body high quality nutrition
Because every batch of AG1 goes through a rigorous testing process so that you know it's safe and their ingredients are
Sourced for absorption potency and nutrient density
I really feel like I have that mental clarity every time I take AG1 and that in and of itself is worth its weight in green
Athletic or otherwise if there's one product I had to recommend to elevate your health it has to be
AG1 and that's why I partnered with them for so long
So if you want to take ownership over your health start with AG1 try AG1 and get a free one-year supply of vitamin D3 K2 and
5 free AG1 travel packs with your first purchase exclusively at drink AG1.com slash what's that again?
That's drink AG1.com slash what's that check it out
Okay
I'm gonna say a quote and you're gonna attribute it to one of these celebrities. Does that make sense?
I will also give you context this time because last time people got a lot of them wrong
Yeah, are these real or fake the oh these are things that actually have been said on documented whether it's via twitter
via an interview or like a story that they told on a late night show or some of them are here say I guess but most of them are like I have proof
Still 50 50 and then when they're real or not here we go. Okay, I'm thinking any of them are gonna be real
Let's just see all right. Let me see if I can prove your ass wrong. She gornies on my weaver till I'm me
This was this celebrity said this on IG live
She gornies on my weaver till I'm me. Yeah, she gornies on my weaver till I'm me. I mean none of these are
I don't think it's a gornie
Okay, well, do you how well do you know it's a gornie
So I guess I've never met her personal. It's like a rappley Rick. Yeah, yeah
Well, this was heard sorry, this was them on IG live
Having she gornies on my weaver till I'm me till I'm me. Yeah
What's that even me? I'm gonna say Laura Dern said that
It's a gornie weaver
Why would she say that? I don't fucking know weaver. I don't know it's a gornie
So I don't know why she would say that and you say but you saw her say this on an IG live
I'm pretty sure she was promoting at the xorcist. Okay. Yeah, okay
All right here we go
I think that does help yes. Thank you
Powering through
We're only at the beginning
I'd love to make a show about a Hollywood producer named Chuck who owns a gun and isn't afraid to use it
If a certain network passes on his show that's the kind of shell I'd like to make
Yes, the rock
Seems like it would be the rock this this was a celebrity
Yes, it's Chuck Laurie
Amir is too for two
Checking in how we love in the game
It's a bad game so far
Well, at least we're getting towards a place where it's a had game as it's a game we have had
Maria, let's see some more joy. Let's have some more participation. Let's see
When this this is a celebrity talking to their daughter
When I heard they were opening a Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Orlando
My dumbass
Yeah, you didn't hear the full quote in my changing care to hear it look full quote. You said
Participate and you said that
The game would be good to have had what you mean so it would be good to be done fast
Yeah, let me just say the fucking quote
Because you're I don't know if you're right or wrong because I have to see the whole thing to be reminded
When I heard they were opening a Pirates of the Caribbean ride in Orlando my dumbass thought they wanted to put the ride in my ass
Orlando blue
We're really testing the sound barrier between the two of you're really testing it. What's up? And Katy Perry. Yeah
Did I make it there? Are they? They are married. Wow. Are they getting divorced then? I wouldn't be surprised
I don't think they have it in them Orlando blue and Katy Perry are married. I think you made it up. Okay.
All right here we go. Just this is a celebrity talking to Taylor Swift
Just between us when I message Taylor. I thought I was DMing my Elie Cyrus
Sorry, so this person is talking to Taylor Swift
Yeah, and saying just to clear things up when I message Taylor
Just between us girls when I message Taylor. I thought I was talking to my Elie Cyrus
Just between us girls is the quote now. That's no that's like the essence of it though. I feel like
You got it. So Travis Kelsey
Travis Kelsey
Great
Why last week's episode was awesome now that was last week's it was the one where I was like giving out New Year's resolutions
I don't recall that one. I recall it and he had like written a bunch of stuff
The flan it was my birthday. Yeah, yeah, yeah, all right if I'd known being an actor was this hard
I
Are you gonna read the fucking entire message now? Obviously. Yeah, I think that's like a rule we need to answer you now because you guys
Trigger happy with the fucking guessing you have to hear the full quote to guess and if not I'm gonna
I'm gonna kick grass
What no I can't I can't
Uh
If I'd known being an actor was this hard. I were a dern
Because I thought I just I mean
When I'm reading when I'm editing this I'll just make sure because I feel like I didn't think easy
Acting would be this hard
Hard as a rock sort of
Is where I think we're dealing with this if I'd known being an actor was this hard. I would have married rich
The rock
This this is
I wouldn't be opposed to it says this person on collaborating with Lorna Dune
Correct me
Now it was Laura Durn
Laura she said that Laura Dune
Sorry, it was on Sigourney Weaver's IG live actually
Laura's doing ex Lorna Dune. It's sort of a Michael Sarah the ex collab
Variation Michael Sarah was an office today in New York
Yeah Josh pack Michael Sarah
I just am like everyone who's media. I consumed 13 years ago is in my life
You didn't see either
Not in your life. Yeah, they're not it. You still haven't even been in the same building as them at the same time
They don't know you you're persona nothing to do with a rock
Yeah, that's what I was gonna say your persona and rod it to them. That's really good. Thank you all right
Here we go every time I'm at the airport people say
Bon Jovage as if they're the first to come up with that. Give me a break
It's like Bon Voyage
Yeah, but John Bon Jovie. Correct
Bon Jovage
Bon Jovie who we have left
I may not I may not be related to John him, but I'm definitely as hung as him
And this is somebody sending an unresponded to text and milker's group chat
And you have access to that. I think it went viral like it was like some like bleep do mothing
Yeah, and Darwin him correct
All right now that we got through that garbage
My hair position. Moving on to the lake is no who John him is. Yeah
I think LeBron does for sure
Hangs out. No, he's John Hammond
What
Madman
Delo has seen top gun Maverick
That was a good one. I don't remember that one unused
I'm trying to do right by the fan base. How is it unused unused? How did you get it then? It's on YouTube
And you searched if I were you theme song. I thought it was just the other one that you got like the actual theme song
Yeah, the show has been gone for a while almost a decade now. Nope. Oh, and
Since people miss people miss the advice, right? I don't know Casey
Yeah, you know, there's a there's a ton of advice podcasts now. So
There's a huge hole in the market. I think it's what Casey just basically meant to say and um I thought that we could kind of bring back the old ethos the old uh the old show
And uh
Answer some advice columns from slate. Who made that theme song? We shouldn't have credit. Uh super Mario Mercado brothers or something like that
That name sounds familiar. I don't know if we ever used that theme though. All right here we go
The title of this is I've reunited with my high school boyfriend. He says he wishes he could have locked me away
So I'd be untainted
My god
I'd be like we already know what to say just based on the title of the new house leave his ass, but let's get to it
My situation is thus. I'm currently dating a guy after a six-year break from one another
We were a high school sweetheart separated for college and recently at 25 he contacted me and we've begun dating again
Everything is great with one exception. He has major issues with events that occurred in our time apart
I had a few flings in college more sexual partners than he did and he had a problem with this
He told me I just don't want to think of my girlfriend as ever being promiscuous or sluddy
Such a double standard. How can I get him to forget the past and look toward our future will he ever get over it?
Sir, certain things on TV make him think of things
He told me you was just kind of locked me away for the past six years to keep me untainted. Please help
She should get a video of him saying that. Yeah, put it online and then dump him and then he'll be like hey
You shouldn't have done that and she'd be like that's Jonah Hill. Oh, there's this Jonah Hill his ass. Yeah, although was not like a reverse Jonah Hill
Like he leaked it thinking he was the hero, but in fact. No, she leaked it. Oh, that's nice
Yeah, then the full Jonah Hill. Yeah, certain things on TV make him think of things
Yeah, like any sex scene gets his fucking blood pressure going
Wasn't there there was like a TikTok account where a woman was explaining how that happened to her husband
Like he just couldn't watch sex scenes because it was too triggering for something and it but like essentially baby to him because of that
Cover his eyes
Yeah, like it was like a video of her like hugging him and like consoling him. It was really wild
So what do you guys did that's what I imagine?
My advice is to get him to say that on camera and then get him to admit that he has this really small dick on camera
Yeah, put that online have a go viral on TikTok and then break up with him on live
So he sort of
More to find advice behavior. Yeah, and then when he tells people the story everyone takes her side
So yes to sort of live with that shame for the rest of his life
But what if I wasn't expecting or sorry, what if he wasn't expecting that that would be your answer?
He probably doesn't expect that. Yeah, yeah, because I didn't I he didn't you know
He's aren't gonna sleep all right
Next one I mean other people can weigh in two
No, what got you made it very clear that you were at his gospel
Oh my god, I told you guys I told you guys was gonna be a great episode
It was awful. I just want it. I want to check on with Casey on regret scale of one to ten. Yeah
Yeah, doing this part of this yeah, yeah talking about car accidents. Well, what would have been better?
What would have been better than this? I really this was you know it could have gone either way
It's kind of telling us something in the chat
Maybe something that you could entertain us with
Okay, Grace sent something in the chat. We're glad you're are currently at a
Seven also
That's pretty good because you don't want to be associated with this episode
No, most most of the time I don't my god
Sorry
I never do this
Isn't prepare for this show it could be a hundred things you're talking about
Oh
Rice is versatile
It goes with every meat so much echo. I know I'm mostly drained
Cold brew antidote
Do you know what song this is?
We ever tried sushi
Princeton stripping a gear. It's something sugar with Japanese vinegar
Do you fry my body and your dad is named Sandy? I take my soy
Sturgeon shaking with butter
But the child
It's cold
It's a lunch which comes from Spain
I will spurn and return to the chef and take autorize
Cautorize I want soiled sand and a year
To advise you
Consistency
The ancient grains and burn hair that ignited
When I seeered by self with the name of me are our
Boreo
I don't know the verses
And fried rice stew
Chorpe not too much
I thought you should
I asked precipitously of your ethnicity
I want to wax about the grains of your culture
Juicester as a maid or did you make this?
Catch a great copper carbonizer and chimie keepers of your combusted couscous
With the hoys it was nice to play with the labels in the rain just follow the rain
They pay for rice
Yes
I roasted that fried rice
You claim to shed an actor like soft butter
But I did not think it was a cold
What a cold
That was a cold
And I'm here
To advise you
Consistency of the ancient grains
And burn hair that ignited
When I see myself with the name of me are
Our Boreo
Crazy
How are we feeling?
I'm still echoing
Yeah, I think the whole thing I could
Kind of the worst listening experience for us
This is fucked up but plugs
Are you spinning me?
Grace, I wish you had mentioned that earlier in the episode
That's cool, she did
Sent it earlier, didn't mention it
There's a huge difference between sending it
We couldn't get a word in head dry
That's bullshit
I'm what's hired of this
What do you find?
I think you're just tired
Yeah
We'll think it's of this
Everything is like three times more fatiguing
Yes exactly
Like your energy
I know
Ultimately it's
Irbent time
No, it's just like doing
Yeah anyway
People are going to be really mad at me for this episode
But I really tried
I'm sorry, you guys
Yeah
Never apologize for this
I thought I put together fine enough
Not mind
Just like this
Again, this same outline could have gone well with like
If everyone was in a different mood
No, you were like reading the stuff that you had prepared
And while you were reading it would constantly stop and go
I might just cut this
And so people always talk about it
People in the room
It's like I can guarantee it once they're in the episode
So like there's a lot then you need to cut
I was going to do this
It's a 45 minutes of material
That you said you were going to cut
I don't mind
I'm just just talking about
How about the salt first
Or
Yeah, I'd say like 10% is about salt burn
80% is about
The technical difficulties we went through
The my housecraft went through for sure
I'm not going to mention the privacy edges
Yeah, not even know anything about my house
I want to I want all that
All that section lifted out yeah, I get 10% was a really great
Alanna's Morrisett cover yeah, yeah, that well great syrup
Yeah, right Alanna's Morrisett parody
I don't know if the cover was there. It was me and Casey sort of toned off
Not only like we can't keep a tune but also like Casey was pitch-pumped
We shouldn't have done that wasn't our story. Thank you, too
Casey got it pretty early actually. I really like yeah. I didn't know what song it was until the chorus
Because I don't know that song other than chorus probably. I apologize. No, it's it's your song
You are a better thing. I knew the song. I apologize. No, no, it's here fall
I'll start my fucking plugs nobody ever starts until I like yell other my guys no seriously
We got to get the fuck out when the entire episode everybody's like
Like what is this over and then it gets to plug and everybody's like kidding me like we want to like stay
The last two times I've been on you haven't given me chance to plug and in fact the only segment you did the past
Easy episodes. It's just been me you and him it and the only segment you have prepared was right
Breaking ourselves
What and that stayed in
You did not do that when was that we all got diagnosed with as pergarious
Yeah, when was that I had to see a psychiatrist after that. You don't remember
What was we used to I can sponsored by better help
I think we're like we're gonna use some momentum help integrate it
Mentor how I started taking medication
Because of the episode I think so I think I have a lot of episode on the end
Taking a lot of lithium because I left the episode thinking I had bipolar
Um, I don't know what you're talking
Long and short to remedy it's like every four episode is garbage. Why Pluto TV on right now? I can't handle this
Patreon.com forward slash Riley and Jeff we still have a patreon and we do zoom parties where you can kind of hang out with us
And it's they're very fun. I got somebody else took over that
Plus the yeah review review review review different hosts, but because we don't own the rights of the show that was never officially a review
A podcast thing so we kept doing it interesting
Remind me to talk to you about that because that might be my cat take me to court. You don't have the money
If you don't have the money for privacy edges
Let alone Lucas edges look
My lawyer you couldn't afford Lucas edges. You barely have the money for no a
Con ticket let alone Ali Khan Mountain and Lucas edges. He's uh is he is he beautiful boy or is he boy
Jean boy's back. What's he's been his back in the edge
Do you think Lucas hedges his bets do you think that's how he got to where he is?
Grace plug yeah, I think it was I work on a few shows sitcom the india's just wrapped season four
Check it out and if everybody would please subscribe to the
YouTube dot com slash at girls on
Pern
Um, please subscribe to the YouTube channel because I would love to continue doing video episodes for girls on porn
Girls on porn. Nice. Um, yeah, yeah, that's it. Thank you
Girls on porn are are gonna guess on this show soon. I need to respond to it like three emails about that three emails
Yeah, I have an idea for the episode just follow across everything is
It'll be a bunch of cool concerning concerning they're begging to come on the show. Well you asked them
And then I did my due diligence instead of on the live stream you said I'd love to be on girls on porn first thing
I did email the producers said hey Jeff would love to be a guest and she said great
Yep, and then I got the invite and respond. Yeah, yeah, that's all sounds cool
I really right cut the whole episode how what would you upload? This one's not good. I'm trying to make them better this year
Not good. I'm trying right yeah, Jeff did text me ultimately
Kind of manically like we have to get listeners up. Yeah, I'm gonna start clipping social clips
So